Terminal Entry:
Ash, Day 6009

Resting in a cave about 15 klicks from the ship. This planet is rocky and mountainous, so I was really spoiled for choice when I needed a cave for shelter. It's got to be part of some larger system of cavities running through the mountains. I could hear the whistle of cold air coursing through the mountains, even from the mouth.

Feeling the exhaustion of a several hour trek weighing on me, I took a moment to set up camp and get my bearings before nightfall. West was the direction I decided I'll move come sunrise. 
After doing a gear check, I can confirm the following Items:
- revolver
- 4 cylinders, 32 shots.
- high frequency blade
- perception visor
- coat + clothes
- 3 protein cubes
- water canteen
- Pamphlet
- flask

I don't know why I packed the flask. It feels like tempting fate, asking to relapse.

I Decided to head west and put some distance between the Ulysses and myself. I'm not sure why, but when I woke up, my instincts were screaming for me to leave. I know its dumb as hell to jump out of the safety of the Ark, but I make it a policy to trust my gut. I feel a sense of ease with each step I take away from it. 

My visor was telling me that we've been on this planet for 6009 days. I must have been frozen for 15 or 16 years. Something is wrong, terribly wrong. We were only supposed to be here a few months, long enough to scavenge materials and fabricate what we needed for repairs.  

When this sleep sickness wears off I'll be able to travel for longer and remember more. But right now my head is thumping like a jackhammer and most everything I think about is fuzzy. I need to go over anything I can remember. There's the obvious, my name and how to talk. I still knew my way around a railgun. In fact this model was custom made, based off of the typical Ziegler EM Railgun Revolver, but mine was made from a heavier material. The two rails that made up the barrel had been painted black and yellow, emulating hazard stripes. What an odd choice, that kind of scheme was fancy, but gave me no tactical advantage. 

I know this wasn't my first time crawling for Green World, but something tells me it was probably the longest crawl i've been on. I also had a strong feeling that I wasn't the only Crawler. I could get 

My eye traced the alternating colors of on the of the rail. It was only a flash, but I was instantly brought back to a desert planet- New Abrams. I immediately shut the thoughts out of my mind as that place became crystal clear and every moment flew back to me.

Shithole.
 
I keep thinking about a voice back on the Ark that was talking over the intercom. Now she was familiar but I couldn't put my finger on it. I don't know how, but something went wrong and she was too eager to keep me from getting out. I keep replaying her words in my head, "Stay in the hive or be burned by the sun, insect."

It's frustrating to be so close to the truth, but still distant, like I downloaded all the information I need, but haven't installed it.

