Terminal Entry:
Ash, Day 6010

I didn't sleep much last night. The beautiful view of the mountains and valleys were soiled by the howling. The deep, croaking moans traveled through the hollow network of the caves through until the daybreak. I kept my railgun in one hand and an eye open all night. Normally, i'd remove my Perception Visor, but I was unsure what sort of beast might emerge, so I thought it best to stay on. It was good in a pinch. Hell, it was damn good out of a pinch, but it certainly wasn't ideal to relax in.

Against my better judgement, I popped my visor off as I walked into the blinding daylight at the mouth of the cave. Immediately the dry air felt harsh on my sinuses and my face was tapped by chunky snow flakes. I worked slowly through the rocky terrain, being sure not to tear my clothes. I didn't know how long i'd be out here for. The wilderness was traveled before. It had the appearance of being overgrown and unkempt, not untouched. the mostly dead grass had faint hints of being traveled and my head began to swim.

Was there more people? Crawlers, like me, or maybe colonists from the ark? Or was is it fauna tracks, the source of that ghoulish howling.

It was only a about one more kilometer until I bended around a mountain and saw it: a vast collection of monoliths. It was a city of some sort. There had to be intelligent life somewhere here and those monoliths didn't look like anything I'd ever seen a human make. 

A serpentine train snaked through the city, barely making a noise as it shot into the mountain. The massive vehicle made no contact with the road it hovered above. It reminded me of a legend back on my home world my Father had told me. The Snake of the Long Road was supposedly a giant beast that was large enough to choke the planet if she wished it. I suppose the train was this place's version of it. Shit, maybe every planet has a giant snake story.

I wasn't able to get a good look at the cargo on the train, but each step that brought me closer revealed more details of the settlement. It was clearly past its prime. The roads were littered with vegetation and pitch black stone chunks that fell from the ancient towers. I went to the center of the road and ran my finger along some strange characters that were engraved deep. They were uniformly running down the entire length of the road about 3 meters between each of them.

Something round and metallic caught my eye. It was a perception visor. For a brief, illogical moment, I thought it was mine, and it had somehow been thrown from my belt. But panic faded back to curiosity as I felt for my own, still in fine condition.

Upon closer inspection, this visor was slashed deeply, a ragged gash went diagonally across the holographic glass and certainly injured the Crawler wearing it. In fact, I could see dark brown stains inside the helmet- long dried blood. But whoever took this blow, it seemed like he lived to tell the tale. This wasn't the work of a high-frequency blade, whatever hit him was much larger.

I prodded the bottom of the visor for the I/O jack and plugged mine into it.