I was with them, this Iriah Holt and Kelly Row. Seems kind of like he's wet behind the ears and a little odd, but harmless enough. It only took a moment to download all the data from his visor and this would probably be my best chance to figure out whats going on. If i could find more I/O Jacks I can learn what happened in my absence. I could download all of their logs and any logs they, in turn, have downloaded.

It was admittedly, a bit of a hail mary, but aside from going back, it was the only plan.

Something kept nagging at me about Holt's logs- what was the deal with that artifact they found? A sarcophagus? For what?

I only had a moment to mull over everything I just read as the howling began again, and it was much closer this time. I could see movement behind me entering the city. While there was no discernable form to make out I could tell there were more than one. They moved between the pillars of darkness that were cast across the city.

I quickly reconnected my visor to my jack and the interface lit up, feeding me data on my surroundings. In the open, I was a sitting duck, and I looked around for a defensible position. Despite how fast my feet carried me, I was unable to outpace them. They had me in their sights and they weren't letting me out. The scale of the city was so much larger than anything I'd ever seen, every step felt like I was running in place. The nearest cover was a monolith about 100 meters from where I found the visor and I knew it was my only chance.

The hunting darkness was almost on top of me when i dived over rusted machinery into the base of the monolith. With my revolver drawn, I fired two high powered shots behind me before even Identifying what it was. The loud crackle of thunder filled the small room and lightning created a trail behind it, showing how off my shot was from it's mark.

What had been chasing me was no shadow or alien fauna. Dirty blue rags covered most of it's hunched body, and long, pitch black tendrils of hair coved its face. Under the rags eyes peered back at me- human eyes. The moment I realized what it was, we both stared at each other for a moment. A howl erupted from the pack as I found myself helplessly outnumbered. The ghastly sound rattled my teeth. The one before me rose from their hunched hunting stance to their full height, easily about 250 centimeters. Sword-like claws dragged across the ground from it's troublingly long arms.

From warped vocal cords, a voice erupted, "I'm... so... hungry..."

It wasn't long before more emerged from the harsh shadows outside into the room. 
Two, four, six, eight. Eight of these deformed humans looked at me with a confused, vicious hatred. All of them having alien disfiguration, barely resembling a person anymore. One had three arms and another was conjoined at the hip, and swayed unevenly with each step. All of them, wearing rags in varying levels of distress.

The moment of silent horror didn't last, and as aimed my next shot, I heard a thunderous crack. The next thing I knew, one of them dropped. I was once again briefly stunned with confusion. I glanced at the weapon in my hand and I was sure I didn't fire any rounds. Suddenly another and another monster dropped dead, followed by more shatters. Someone was picking them off.

While their attention was divided, I took the chance to fire two more rounds at the creatures. The first missed it's mark, but the second landed and the creature's upper body nearly ripped in two. The remaining things cried in fear before scattering away. The one that had been closest to me gazed into my eyes with a familiar, pitiful look before following the rest.

I had no time to catch my breath, as I found I had a gash across my leg. When i jumped into cover the verdigris' machinery caught me. That stunt saved me, but I was too old to be moving like that. My HF blade blade was efficient in making bandages but I needed the coat intact, so i took my undershirt off and used that.

"One day in and I already lost my shirt. Get it together, old boy."

